#Path c:\MiniGUI\UTILS\FuncList
#Title MiniGUI SOURCE
h_activex.prg
   _DefineActivex             	Procedure
   ReleaseActiveX             	Procedure
   SetActiveXObject           	Function
   GetActiveXObject           	Function
   _GetControlObject          	Function
   ATLAXWININIT               	HB_FUNC
   ATLAXWINEND                	HB_FUNC
   ATLAXGETDISP               	HB_FUNC
   CREATEWINDOWEX             	HB_FUNC
   SETUPCONNECTIONPOINT       	HB_FUNC
   SHUTDOWNCONNECTIONPOINT    	HB_FUNC
   RELEASEDISPATCH            	HB_FUNC
h_alert.prg
   HMG_Alert                  	Function
   HMG_Alert_MaxLines         	Function
   HMG_Alert_RowStart         	Function
   FillDlg                    	Static  Function
   _SetMsgAlertColors         	Function
   HMG_CheckType              	Procedure
   HMG_CheckType              	Procedure
alerts.prg
   AlertYesNo                 	Function
   AlertYesNoCancel           	Function
   AlertRetryCancel           	Function
   AlertOkCancel              	Function
   AlertExclamation           	Function
   AlertInfo                  	Function
   AlertStop                  	Function
   _Alert                     	Static  Function
h_animate.prg
   _DefineAnimateRes          	Function
   SetAnimateResFile          	Function
   GetAnimateResFile          	Function
   SetAnimateResId            	Function
   GetAnimateResId            	Function
   ReleaseAnimateRes          	Procedure
   INITANIMATERES             	HB_FUNC
   UNLOADANIMATELIB           	HB_FUNC
c_bitmap.c
   SAVEWINDOWBYHANDLE         	HB_FUNC
   WNDCOPY                    	HB_FUNC
   C_HASALPHA                 	HB_FUNC
   DRAWGLYPH                  	HB_FUNC
   DRAWGLYPHMASK              	HB_FUNC
   LOADBITMAP                 	HB_FUNC
   HB_GETIMAGESIZE            	HB_FUNC
   GETBITMAPSIZE              	HB_FUNC
   GETICONSIZE                	HB_FUNC
h_browse.prg
   _DefineBrowse              	Function
   InitDialogBrowse           	Function
   HMG_OrdCreate              	Static  Procedure
   RestoreWorkArea            	Static  Procedure
   HMG_SetOrder               	Procedure
   _BrowseUpdate              	Procedure
   _GetBrowseFieldValue       	Function
   _GetBrowseFnValue          	Function
   _TypeEx                    	Static  Function
   _BrowseNext                	Procedure
   _BrowsePrior               	Procedure
   _BrowseHome                	Procedure
   _BrowseEnd                 	Procedure
   _BrowseUp                  	Procedure
   _BrowseDown                	Procedure
   _BrowseRefresh             	Procedure
   _BrowseSetValue            	Procedure
   _BrowseGetValue            	Function
   _BrowseDelete              	Function
   _BrowseEdit                	Function
   _EditRecord                	Function
   _WHENEVAL                  	Static  Procedure
   _EditRecordOk              	Static  Function
   _EditRecordCancel          	Static  Function
   _BrowseInPlaceEdit         	Static  Function
   _InPlaceEditOk             	Static  Procedure
   _InPlaceEditSave           	Static  Procedure
   ProcessInPlaceKbdEdit      	Procedure
   _BrowseSync                	Static  Procedure
   _BrowseOnChange            	Procedure
   _BrowseInPlaceAppend       	Static  Procedure
   _BrowseVscrollUpdate       	Static  Procedure
   _BrowseVscrollFastUpdate   	Procedure
   _SetGetBrowseProperty      	Function
   NoQuote                    	Static  Function
c_browse.c
   INITBROWSE                 	HB_FUNC
   INITVSCROLLBAR             	HB_FUNC
   GETSCROLLRANGEMAX          	HB_FUNC
   INITVSCROLLBARBUTTON       	HB_FUNC
   SETSCROLLINFO              	HB_FUNC
h_btntextbox.prg
   _DefineBtnTextBox          	Function
   InitDialogBtnTextBox       	Function
   TBBtnEvents                	Function
c_btntextbox.c
   INITBTNTEXTBOX             	HB_FUNC
   REDEFBTNTEXTBOX            	HB_FUNC
   SETTBBTNMARGIN             	HB_FUNC
h_button.prg
   _DefineButton              	Function
   _DefineImageButton         	Function
   InitDialogButtonImage      	Function
c_button.c
   INITBUTTON                 	HB_FUNC
   INITIMAGEBUTTON            	HB_FUNC
   INITOWNERBUTTON            	HB_FUNC
   _SETBTNPICTURE             	HB_FUNC
   _GETBTNPICTUREHANDLE       	HB_FUNC
   _SETMIXEDBTNPICTURE        	HB_FUNC
   _SETBTNICON                	HB_FUNC
   _SETMIXEDBTNICON           	HB_FUNC
   DRAWBUTTON                 	HB_FUNC
   GETOWNBTNHANDLE            	HB_FUNC
   GETOWNBTNSTATE             	HB_FUNC
   GETOWNBTNDC                	HB_FUNC
   GETOWNBTNITEMID            	HB_FUNC
   GETOWNBTNITEMACTION        	HB_FUNC
   GETOWNBTNCTLTYPE           	HB_FUNC
   GETOWNBTNRECT              	HB_FUNC
   CREATEBUTTONBRUSH          	HB_FUNC
h_buttonex.prg
   _DefineOwnerButton         	Function
   OBTNEVENTS                 	Function
   OwnButtonPaint             	Function
   ToUnicode                  	Static  Function
   _DestroyBtnPictureMask     	Function
   _DestroyBtnPicture         	Function
   Darker                     	Function
   Lighter                    	Function
   InvertGradInfo             	Static  Function
   ModifGradInfo              	Static  Function
   ReplaceGradInfo            	Static  Procedure
   _GradientFill              	Static  Function
h_checkbox.prg
   _DefineCheckBox            	Function
   _DefineCheckButton         	Function
   InitDialogCheckButton      	Function
   _DefineImageCheckButton    	Function
c_checkbox.c
   INITCHECKBOX               	HB_FUNC
   INITCHECKBUTTON            	HB_FUNC
   INITIMAGECHECKBUTTON       	HB_FUNC
h_checkres.prg
   MGAddResource              	Function
   MGDelResource              	Function
   CheckRes                   	Function
h_chklabel.prg
   _DefineChkLabel            	Function
   GetCheckBmp                	Static  Function
   cAnsi2Bmp                  	Static  Function
   cAnsi2Hex                  	Static  Function
   cHex2Bin                   	Static  Function
c_chklabel.c
   INITCHKLABEL               	HB_FUNC
   SETCHKLABEL                	HB_FUNC
   GETCHKLABEL                	HB_FUNC
h_chklistbox.prg
   _DefineChkListbox          	Function
   InitDialogChkListBox       	Function
c_chklistbox.c
   INITCHKLISTBOX             	HB_FUNC
   INITMULTICHKLISTBOX        	HB_FUNC
   CHKLISTBOXINSERTITEM       	HB_FUNC
   CHKLISTBOXADDITEM          	HB_FUNC
   SETCHKLBITEMHEIGHT         	HB_FUNC
   CHKLIST_SETCHECKBOX        	HB_FUNC
   CHKLIST_GETCHECKBOX        	HB_FUNC
   _ONMEASURELISTBOXITEM      	HB_FUNC
   _ONDRAWLISTBOXITEM         	HB_FUNC
   GETMISCTLTYPE              	HB_FUNC
h_clbutton.prg
   _DefineCLButton            	Procedure
   ReleaseCLButtonImageList   	Procedure
   CLButtonEventhandler       	Function
   CLButton_SetShield         	Procedure
   CLButtonSetFocus           	Procedure
   CLButtonEnable             	Procedure
   CLButtonDisable            	Procedure
   SetCLButtonHandle          	Function
   GetCLButtonHandle          	Function
   SetCLButtonCaption         	Function
   GetCLButtonCaption         	Function
   SetCLButtonNoteText        	Procedure
   GetCLButtonNoteText        	Function
   SetCLButtonPicture         	Procedure
   GetCLButtonPicture         	Function
   INITCLBUTTON               	HB_FUNC
   CLBUTTON_SETNOTE           	HB_FUNC
   CLBUTTON_SETIMAGE          	HB_FUNC
h_combo.prg
   _DefineCombo               	Function
   InitDialogComboBox         	Function
   _DataComboRefresh          	Procedure
c_combo.c
   INITCOMBOBOX               	HB_FUNC
   INITCOMBOBOXEX             	HB_FUNC
   COMBOSETITEMHEIGHT         	HB_FUNC
   COMBOSHOWDROPDOWN          	HB_FUNC
   COMBOEDITSETSEL            	HB_FUNC
   COMBOGETEDITSEL            	HB_FUNC
   COMBOSELECTSTRING          	HB_FUNC
   COMBOFINDSTRING            	HB_FUNC
   COMBOFINDSTRINGEXACT       	HB_FUNC
   COMBOGETSTRING             	HB_FUNC
   COMBOADDSTRING             	HB_FUNC
   COMBOINSERTSTRING          	HB_FUNC
   COMBOADDSTRINGEX           	HB_FUNC
   COMBOINSERTSTRINGEX        	HB_FUNC
   COMBOADDDATASTRINGEX       	HB_FUNC
h_comboex.prg
   _DefineComboEx             	Function
h_controlmisc.prg
   _GetValue                  	Function
   _SetValue                  	Function
   _AddItem                   	Function
   _DeleteItem                	Function
   _DeleteAllItems            	Function
   GetControlIndex            	Function
   GetControlName             	Function
   GetControlHandle           	Function
   GetControlContainerHandle  	Function
   GetControlParentHandle     	Function
   GetControlId               	Function
   GetControlType             	Function
   GetControlValue            	Function
   GetControlPageMap          	Function
   _SetFocus                  	Function
   _DisableControl            	Function
   _EnableControl             	Function
   _ShowControl               	Function
   _HideControl               	Function
   _SetItem                   	Function
   _GetItem                   	Function
   _SetControlSizePos         	Function
   _GetItemCount              	Function
   _GetControlRow             	Function
   _GetControlCol             	Function
   _GetControlWidth           	Function
   _GetControlHeight          	Function
   _SetControlCaption         	Function
   _SetPicture                	Function
   _EnableToolbarButton       	Static  Function
   _DisableToolbarButton      	Static  Function
   _SetGetChkListItemState    	Static  Function
   _SetGetDatePickerDateFormat	Static  Function
   _SetGetDropDownWidth       	Static  Function
   _GetComboItemValue         	Function
   _GetFormAction             	Function
   _SetFormAction             	Static  Function
   _GetControlAction          	Function
   _SetControlAction          	Static  Function
   _GetToolTip                	Function
   _SetToolTip                	Function
   _GetMultiToolTip           	Function
   _SetRangeMin               	Function
   _SetRangeMax               	Function
   _GetRangeMin               	Function
   _GetRangeMax               	Function
   _SetMultiCaption           	Function
   _GetMultiCaption           	Function
   _SetMultiImage             	Function
   _GetMultiImage             	Static  Function
   InputWindow                	Function
   _InputWindowOk             	Function
   _InputWindowCancel         	Function
   _ReleaseControl            	Function
   _EraseControl              	Function
   _IsControlVisible          	Function
   _SetCaretPos               	Function
   _GetCaretPos               	Function
   SetProperty                	Procedure
   GetProperty                	Function
   DoMethod                   	Function
   GroupDeleteAllItems        	Static  Procedure
   GroupGetAllItemIndex       	Static  Function
   GroupCheckBoxAllItems      	Static  Procedure
   _ProgressWheel_GetProperty 	Static  Function
   _ProgressWheel_SetProperty 	Static  Function
   VerifyControlDefined       	Static  Procedure
   IsControlInTabPage         	Static  Procedure
   GetControlTabPage          	Function
   IsControlInsideSplitBox    	Static  Procedure
   _IsControlSplitBoxed       	Static  Function
   _SetArrayToControl         	Static  Function
   FindTextDlg                	Procedure
   ReplaceTextDlg             	Procedure
   _RichEditBox_GetProperty   	Static  Function
   _RichEditBox_SetProperty   	Static  Function
   _RichEditBox_DoMethod      	Static  Function
   _SetGetColumnHeadClick     	Static  Function
   _GetColumnDisplayPosition  	Static  Function
   _SetColumnDisplayPosition  	Static  Function
   _SetGetGridProperty        	Static  Function
   _Refresh                   	Procedure
   _SaveData                  	Procedure
   _ChangeWindowTopmostStyle  	Static  Procedure
   _ChangeWindowHelpButtonStyl	Static  Procedure
   _ChangeWindowStyle         	Static  Procedure
   _SetWindowBackColor        	Function
   _GetFocusedControl         	Function
   _SetFontColor              	Static  Function
   _SetBackColor              	Static  Function
   _GetFontColor              	Static  Function
   _GetBackColor              	Function
   _SetGridColumnWidthLimits  	Static  Procedure
   _SetRadioGroupOptions      	Static  Procedure
   _SetRadioGroupSpacing      	Static  Procedure
   _SetRadioGroupReadOnly     	Static  Procedure
   _SetTextEditReadOnly       	Static  Procedure
   _SetStatusIcon             	Procedure
   _SetStatusWidth            	Procedure
   _GetControlFree            	Function
   _EnableListViewUpdate      	Function
   _ExtDisableControl         	Function
   _ExtEnableControl          	Function
   _SetGetRichValue           	Static  Function
   _SetGetAutoFont            	Static  Function
   _SetGetCheckboxItemState   	Static  Function
   _GetId                     	Function
   IsArrayRGB                 	Function
   HMG_IsEqualArr             	Function
   _IsComboExtend             	Function
   _DefineLetterOrDigitHotKey 	Procedure
   _SetGetMinMaxInfo          	Static  Function
   _SetGetImageHBitmap        	Static  Function
   _GetPicture                	Function
   _GetCaption                	Function
   _IsFieldExists             	Function
   _IsControlEnabled          	Function
   _IsControlDefined          	Function
   NoQuote                    	Static  Function
   HMG_GetForms               	Function
   HMG_GetFormControls        	Function
   GetUserControlType         	Static  Function
   _SetAlign                  	Function
   _SetCase                   	Static  Function
   _SetTransparent            	Static  Function
   _RedrawControl             	Static  Function
   _SetGetTabHTColors         	Static  Function
   _SetGetGBoxValidMessage    	Static  Function
   _SetType                   	Function
   _IsTyped                   	Function
   cValToChar                 	Function
   HasTimePart                	Static  Function
c_controlmisc.c
   HB_SETCODEPAGE, HB_CDPSELEC	HB_FUNC
   MAKELONG                   	HB_FUNC
   _ENABLESCROLLBARS          	HB_FUNC
   DELETEOBJECT               	HB_FUNC
   IMAGELIST_DESTROY          	HB_FUNC
   SETFOCUS                   	HB_FUNC
   INSERTSHIFTTAB             	HB_FUNC
   SYSTEMPARAMETERSINFO       	HB_FUNC
   GETTEXTWIDTH               	HB_FUNC
   KEYBD_EVENT                	HB_FUNC
   INSERTVKEY                 	HB_FUNC
   _HMG_SETVSCROLLVALUE       	HB_FUNC
   _HMG_SETHSCROLLVALUE       	HB_FUNC
   SHOWCARET                  	HB_FUNC
   HIDECARET                  	HB_FUNC
   DESTROYCARET               	HB_FUNC
   CREATECARET                	HB_FUNC
   CHANGESTYLE                	HB_FUNC
   MOVEBTNTEXTBOX             	HB_FUNC
   HB_DATE                    	HB_FUNC
   HB_LEFTEQI                 	HB_FUNC
h_crypt.prg
   _ENCRYPT                   	Function
   _DECRYPT                   	Function
   FI_CODE                    	Function
   FI_DECODE                  	Function
   DB_ENCRYPT                 	Function
   DB_UNENCRYPT               	Function
   cFileName                  	Static  Function
   DB_CODE                    	Function
c_crypt.c
   CHARXOR                    	HB_FUNC
c_cuebanner.c
   GETCUEBANNERTEXT           	HB_FUNC
   SENDMESSAGESTRINGW         	HB_FUNC
c_cursor.c
   LOADCURSOR                 	HB_FUNC
   LOADCURSORFROMFILE         	HB_FUNC
   SETRESCURSOR               	HB_FUNC
   FILECURSOR                 	HB_FUNC
   CURSORHAND                 	HB_FUNC
   SETWINDOWCURSOR            	HB_FUNC
   SETHANDCURSOR              	HB_FUNC
h_datepicker.prg
   _DefineDatePick            	Function
   _DefineTimePick            	Function
   InitDialogDatePicker       	Function
   _SetDatePickerRange        	Function
   OPICKEVENTS                	Function
c_datepicker.c
   INITDATEPICK               	HB_FUNC
   INITTIMEPICK               	HB_FUNC
   SETDATEPICK                	HB_FUNC
   SETTIMEPICK                	HB_FUNC
   GETDATEPICKYEAR            	HB_FUNC
   GETDATEPICKMONTH           	HB_FUNC
   GETDATEPICKDAY             	HB_FUNC
   GETDATEPICKHOUR            	HB_FUNC
   GETDATEPICKMINUTE          	HB_FUNC
   GETDATEPICKSECOND          	HB_FUNC
   SETDATEPICKNULL            	HB_FUNC
   SETDATEPICKRANGE           	HB_FUNC
   SETDATEPICKERDATEFORMAT    	HB_FUNC
h_dbf_aux.prg
   HMG_DbfToArray             	Function
   HMG_ArrayToDbf             	Function
   ConvertType                	Static  Function
   HMG_DbfToExcel             	Function
   HMG_DbfStruct              	Function
   HMG_RecToHash              	Function
   HMG_HashToRec              	Function
dbginit.prg
dbinsert.c
   DBINSERT                   	HB_FUNC
h_dialog.prg
   _DefineDialog              	Function
   _BeginDialog               	Function
   _EndDialog                 	Function
   DialogProc                 	Function
   ModalDialogProc            	Function
   DisableDialogItem          	Function
   EnableDialogItem           	Function
   EraseDialog                	Function
   _ReleaseDialog             	Function
c_dialog.c
   INITMODALDIALOG            	HB_FUNC
   INITDIALOG                 	HB_FUNC
   GETDIALOGITEMHANDLE        	HB_FUNC
   CHECKDLGBUTTON             	HB_FUNC
   UNCHECKDLGBUTTON           	HB_FUNC
   SETDIALOGITEMTEXT          	HB_FUNC
   ENDDIALOG                  	HB_FUNC
   ADDDIALOGPAGES             	HB_FUNC
   GETDLGCTRLID               	HB_FUNC
   SETDLGITEMINT              	HB_FUNC
   GETDLGITEMTEXT             	HB_FUNC
   GETEDITTEXT                	HB_FUNC
   CHECKRADIOBUTTON           	HB_FUNC
   ISDLGBUTTONCHECKED         	HB_FUNC
   CREATEDLGTEMPLATE          	HB_FUNC
   INITEXCOMMONCONTROLS       	HB_FUNC
h_dialogs.prg
   GetColor                   	Function
   GetFolder                  	Function
   BrowseForFolder            	Function
   GetFile                    	Function
   Putfile                    	Function
   GetFont                    	Function
c_dialogs.c
   CHOOSEFONT                 	HB_FUNC
   C_GETFILE                  	HB_FUNC
   C_PUTFILE                  	HB_FUNC
   C_BROWSEFORFOLDER          	HB_FUNC
   CHOOSECOLOR                	HB_FUNC
   UNITSTOPIXELSX             	HB_FUNC
   UNITSTOPIXELSY             	HB_FUNC
h_draw.prg
   drawtextout                	Function
   drawline                   	Function
   drawrect                   	Function
   drawroundrect              	Function
   drawellipse                	Function
   drawarc                    	Function
   drawpie                    	Function
   drawpolygon                	Function
   drawpolybezier             	Function
   HMG_DrawIcon               	Function
   EraseWindow                	Function
   DrawWindowBoxIn            	Function
   DrawWindowBoxRaised        	Function
c_draw.c
   BEGINPAINT                 	HB_FUNC
   ENDPAINT                   	HB_FUNC
   DRAWFOCUSRECT              	HB_FUNC
   DRAWSTATE                  	HB_FUNC
   GETUPDATERECT              	HB_FUNC
   GDIFLUSH                   	HB_FUNC
   GRAYSTRING                 	HB_FUNC
   INVALIDATERECT             	HB_FUNC
   REDRAWWINDOW               	HB_FUNC
   C_SETBACKCOLOR             	HB_FUNC
   SETBKMODE                  	HB_FUNC
   UPDATEWINDOW               	HB_FUNC
   VALIDATERECT               	HB_FUNC
   WINDOWFROMDC               	HB_FUNC
h_edit.prg
   ABM                        	Function
   ABMRefresh                 	Static  Function
   ABMEventos                 	Static  Function
   ABMBuscar                  	Static  Function
   ABMBusqueda                	Static  Function
   ABMListado                 	Function
   ABMListadoEvento           	Function
   ABMListadoImprimir         	Function
   Cabecera                   	Static  Function
   NoArray                    	Function
h_editbox.prg
   _DefineEditbox             	Function
   _DataEditBoxRefresh        	Procedure
   InitDialogEdit             	Function
c_editbox.c
   INITEDITBOX                	HB_FUNC
h_edit_ex.prg
   ABM2                       	Function
   ABM2salir                  	Static  Function
   ABM2Redibuja               	Static  Function
   ABM2CambiarOrden           	Static  Function
   ABM2EjecutaOpcion          	Static  Function
   ABM2Editar                 	Static  Function
   ABM2ConFoco                	Static  Function
   ABM2SinFoco                	Static  Function
   ABM2AlEntrar               	Static  Function
   ABM2EditarGuardar          	Static  Function
   ABM2Seleccionar            	Static  Function
   ABM2EditarCopiar           	Static  Function
   ABM2Borrar                 	Static  Function
   ABM2Recover                	Static  Function
   ABM2Buscar                 	Static  Function
   ABM2ActivarFiltro          	Static  Function
   ABM2ControlFiltro          	Static  Function
   ABM2EstableceFiltro        	Static  Function
   ABM2DesactivarFiltro       	Static  Function
   ABM2Imprimir               	Static  Function
   ABM2DefinirRegistro        	Static  Function
   ABM2DefinirColumnas        	Static  Function
   ABM2Listado                	Static  Function
h_error.prg
   hb_GTSYS                   	Procedure
   MsgMiniGuiError            	Function
   HMG_GenError               	Static  Function
   MiniGuiVersion             	Function
c_error.c
ErrorSys.prg
   ErrorSys                   	Procedure
   DefError                   	Static  Function
   ErrorMessage               	Static  Function
   ShowError                  	Static  Procedure
   ErrorLog                   	Static  Procedure
   strvalue                   	Static  Function
   _lShowDetailError          	Function
   HTML_ERRORLOG              	Function
   HTML_INI                   	Function
   HTML_RAWTEXT               	Procedure
   HTML_LINETEXT              	Procedure
   HTML_LINE                  	Procedure
   HTML_END                   	Procedure
   _SetErrorLogFile           	Procedure
   __HTML_INSERT_OFFSET       	Static  Function
   __HTML_BODY_TEMPLATE       	Static  Function
h_events.prg
   Events                     	Function
   _SetNextFocus              	Procedure
   _PushEventInfo             	Procedure
   _PopEventInfo              	Procedure
   GetObjectByHandle          	Function
   InstallEventHandler        	Procedure
   InstallPropertyHandler     	Procedure
   InstallMethodHandler       	Procedure
   NoBrackets                 	Static  Function
   _DoGridCustomDraw          	Static  Function
   _GetGridCellData           	Static  Function
   _GetFocusedControlType     	Static  Function
   GetMenuItems               	Static  Function
   _OnDrawStatusItem          	Static  Procedure
   _OnGetMinMaxInfo           	Static  Function
   _OnFlashExit               	Static  Function
   _MouseCoordCorr            	Static  Procedure
   _ProcessSliderEvents       	Static  Procedure
   DoComboAutoComplete        	Static  Procedure
   _AutoAdjust                	Procedure
h_filename.prg
   cFilePath                  	Function
   cFileNoPath                	Function
   cFileNoExt                 	Function
   _GetCompactPath            	Function
   _GetShortPathName          	Function
h_folder.prg
   _BeginFolder               	Function
   _DefineFolder              	Function
   _DefineFolderPage          	Function
   _BeginFolderPage           	Function
   _EndFolderPage             	Function
   _EndFolder                 	Function
   _DefineFolderDialog        	Function
   InitPageFldProc            	Function
   FolderProc                 	Function
   PageFldProc                	Function
   GetFolderHandle            	Function
   EraseFolder                	Function
   _ReleaseFolder             	Function
   RetValue                   	Static  Function
c_folder.c
   CREATEFOLDERPAGEINDIRECT   	HB_FUNC
   CREATEFOLDERPAGE           	HB_FUNC
   CREATEDLGFOLDER            	HB_FUNC
   FOLDERHWNDTOINDEX          	HB_FUNC
   FOLDERGETCURRENTPAGEHWND   	HB_FUNC
   FOLDER_CHANGED             	HB_FUNC
   FOLDER_UNCHANGED           	HB_FUNC
   FOLDER_ISDIRTY             	HB_FUNC
   FOLDER_ISFINISH            	HB_FUNC
   FOLDER_GETIDFLD            	HB_FUNC
   FOLDER_GETTABHANDLE        	HB_FUNC
   FOLDER_CLEANUP             	HB_FUNC
h_font.prg
   _DefineFont                	Procedure
   _ReleaseFont               	Procedure
   _EraseFontDef              	Procedure
   GetFontHandle              	Function
   GetFontParam               	Function
   _GetFontAttr               	Function
   _SetFontAttr               	Function
   GetFontParamByRef          	Function
   GetFontList                	Function
c_font.c
   INITFONT                   	HB_FUNC
   _SETFONT                   	HB_FUNC
   _SETFONTHANDLE             	HB_FUNC
   GETSYSTEMFONT              	HB_FUNC
   ENUMFONTSEX                	HB_FUNC
h_frame.prg
   _DefineFrame               	Static  Function
   _BeginFrame                	Function
c_frame.c
   INITFRAME                  	HB_FUNC
h_getbox.prg
   _DefineGetBox              	Function
   _GetBoxSetNextFocus        	Static  Procedure
   _DataGetBoxRefresh         	Procedure
   _DataGetBoxSave            	Procedure
   OGETEVENTS                 	Function
   _SetGetBoxValue            	Procedure
   _RangeCheck                	Function
   _SetGetBoxColorFocus       	Function
   _DispGetBoxText            	Procedure
   _SetGetBoxCaret            	Static  Procedure
   _GetPictureData            	Function
   _FirstEditable             	Static  Function
   _IsEditable                	Static  Function
   _Input                     	Static  Function
   _GetDefinedStatusBarItemVal	Static  Function
   _IsChildOfActiveWindow     	Static  Function
   _GetParent                 	Static  Function
c_getbox.c
   INITGETBOX                 	HB_FUNC
   CHECKBIT                   	HB_FUNC
   GETTEXTHEIGHT              	HB_FUNC
h_Gif89.prg
   _DefineAniGif              	Function
   _ReleaseAniGif             	Procedure
   _EraseGifDef               	Static  Procedure
   GifPlay                    	Static  Function
   GifStop                    	Static  Function
   GifIsRunning               	Static  Function
   LoadGif                    	Function
   ReadFromStream             	Static  Function
   GetFrameDelay              	Function
h_gradient.prg
   DrawGradient               	Function
   ISENABLEDGRADIENT          	HB_FUNC
   _INITGRADIENTFUNC          	HB_FUNC
   _EXITGRADIENTFUNC          	HB_FUNC
   ALPHABLEND                 	HB_FUNC
   TRANSPARENTBLT             	HB_FUNC
   FILLGRADIENT               	HB_FUNC
   CREATEGRADIENTBRUSH        	HB_FUNC
h_graph.prg
   GraphShow                  	Procedure
   EraseBarGraph              	Procedure
   DrawBar                    	Static  Procedure
   DrawBox                    	Static  Procedure
   DrawPoint                  	Static  Procedure
   Circle                     	Static  Procedure
   nMax                       	Function
   DetMaxVal                  	Function
   ClrShadow                  	Function
   RGB2HSL                    	Function
   HSL2RGB                    	Function
   drawpiegraph               	Function
   ErasePieGraph              	Procedure
   _PiePrint                  	Function
   _GraphPrint                	Function
   _bmpprint                  	Static  Function
   PrintWindow                	Function
c_graph.c
   TEXTDRAW                   	HB_FUNC
   LINEDRAW                   	HB_FUNC
   RECTDRAW                   	HB_FUNC
   ROUNDRECTDRAW              	HB_FUNC
   ELLIPSEDRAW                	HB_FUNC
   ARCDRAW                    	HB_FUNC
   PIEDRAW                    	HB_FUNC
   POLYGONDRAW                	HB_FUNC
   POLYBEZIERDRAW             	HB_FUNC
   WNDBOXIN                   	HB_FUNC
   WNDBOXRAISED               	HB_FUNC
h_GraphBitmap.prg
   HMG_Graph                  	Function
   HMG_PieGraph               	Function
   DrawWindowBoxInBitmap      	Static  Procedure
   DrawRectInBitmap           	Static  Procedure
   DrawLineInBitmap           	Static  Procedure
   DrawTextInBitmap           	Static  Procedure
   DrawPointInBitmap          	Static  Procedure
   DrawCircleInBitmap         	Static  Procedure
   DrawBarInBitmap            	Static  Procedure
   DrawArcInBitmap            	Static  Procedure
   DrawPieInBitmap            	Static  Procedure
   DrawPolygonInBitmap        	Static  Procedure
   DrawBoxInBitmap            	Static  Procedure
h_grid.prg
   _DefineGrid                	Function
   InitDialogGrid             	Function
   _AddGridRow                	Function
   HMG_SortColumn             	Procedure
   _EditItem                  	Function
   _EditItemOk                	Static  Function
   _AddGridColumn             	Procedure
   _DeleteGridColumn          	Procedure
   _UpdateGridColors          	Procedure
   ProcessDynamicArray        	Static  Procedure
   _tEval                     	Function
   _GridInplaceEdit           	Function
   _ParseGridControls         	Function
   _GridInplaceEditOK         	Static  Procedure
   _SetGridCellEditValue      	Procedure
   _GridInplaceKbdEdit        	Procedure
   GetNumFromCellText         	Function
   GETNumFromCellTextSP       	Function
   _GetGridCellValue          	Function
   _SetGridCellValue          	Procedure
   _GetColumnWidth            	Function
   _SetColumnWidth            	Function
   _SetColumnWidthAuto        	Function
   _SetColumnWidthAutoH       	Function
   _SetColumnsWidthAuto       	Function
   _SetColumnsWidthAutoH      	Function
   _GridPgDn                  	Procedure
   _GridPgUp                  	Procedure
   _GridHome                  	Procedure
   _GridEnd                   	Procedure
   _GridPrior                 	Procedure
   _GridNext                  	Procedure
   _GridScrollToPos           	Procedure
   _GetIVirtualItem           	Function
   _GRIDINPLACEKBDEDIT_2      	Procedure
   _GRID_KBDSCROLL            	Procedure
c_grid.c
   INITLISTVIEW               	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_SETITEMCOUNT      	HB_FUNC
   ADDLISTVIEWBITMAP          	HB_FUNC
   ADDLISTVIEWBITMAPHEADER    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETFIRSTITEM      	HB_FUNC
   INITLISTVIEWCOLUMNS        	HB_FUNC
   ADDLISTVIEWITEMS           	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_SETCURSEL         	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEWGETMULTISEL        	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEWSETMULTISEL        	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEWSETITEM            	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEWGETITEM            	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEWGETITEMROW         	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEWGETITEMCOUNT       	HB_FUNC
   SETGRIDCOLUMNJUSTIFY       	HB_FUNC
   SETGRIDCOLUMNHEADER        	HB_FUNC
   SETGRIDCOLUMNHEADERIMAGE   	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEWGETCOUNTPERPAGE    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_ENSUREVISIBLE     	HB_FUNC
   SETIMAGELISTVIEWITEMS      	HB_FUNC
   GETIMAGELISTVIEWITEMS      	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETTOPINDEX       	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_REDRAWITEMS       	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_HITTEST           	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETSUBITEMRECT    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETITEMRECT       	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_UPDATE            	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_SCROLL            	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_SETBKCOLOR        	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_SETTEXTBKCOLOR    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_SETTEXTCOLOR      	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETTEXTCOLOR      	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETBKCOLOR        	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETHEADER         	HB_FUNC
   GETHEADERLISTVIEWITEM      	HB_FUNC
   GETHEADERLISTVIEWITEMCX    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_ADDCOLUMN         	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_DELETECOLUMN      	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETCOLUMNWIDTH    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_SETCOLUMNWIDTH    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETCHECKSTATE     	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_SETCHECKSTATE     	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETCOLUMNCOUNT    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETCOLUMNORDERARRA	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_SETCOLUMNORDERARRA	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_CHANGEEXTENDEDSTYL	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GETEXTENDEDSTYLE  	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_SETSORTHEADER     	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GROUPITEMSETID    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GROUPITEMGETID    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_ISGROUPVIEWENABLED	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_ENABLEGROUPVIEW   	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GROUPDELETEALL    	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GROUPDELETE       	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GROUPADD          	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GROUPSETINFO      	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_GROUPGETINFO      	HB_FUNC
   LISTVIEW_HASGROUP          	HB_FUNC
hbgdiplus.c
   GDIPLUSSHUTDOWN            	HB_FUNC
   GDIPCREATEBITMAPFROMFILE   	HB_FUNC
   GDIPCREATEHBITMAPFROMBITMAP	HB_FUNC
   GDIPDISPOSEIMAGE           	HB_FUNC
h_help.prg
   SetHelpFile                	Procedure
   DisplayHelpTopic           	Procedure
c_help.c
   WINHELP                    	HB_FUNC
c_hmgapp.c
   GETINSTANCE                	HB_FUNC
   GETCOMCTL32DLLVER          	HB_FUNC
   OLEDATARELEASE             	HB_FUNC
h_hotkey.prg
   _DefineHotKey              	Function
   _ReleaseHotKey             	Procedure
   _GetHotKeyBlock            	Function
   _PushKey                   	Procedure
   HMG_PressKey               	Function
   _SetHotKeyByName           	Function
   _DetermineKey              	Function
c_hotkey.c
   INITHOTKEY                 	HB_FUNC
   RELEASEHOTKEY              	HB_FUNC
h_hotkeybox.prg
   _DefineHotKeyBox           	Function
   _GetHotKeyName             	Function
c_hotkeybox.c
   C_GETHOTKEYNAME            	HB_FUNC
   INITHOTKEYBOX              	HB_FUNC
   SETHOTKEYVALUE             	HB_FUNC
   C_GETHOTKEYVALUE           	HB_FUNC
   C_GETHOTKEY                	HB_FUNC
h_hyperlink.prg
   _SetAddress                	Procedure
   _SetAddressControlProcedure	Procedure
c_icon.c
   COPYICON                   	HB_FUNC
   DESTROYICON                	HB_FUNC
   DUPLICATEICON              	HB_FUNC
   LOADICON                   	HB_FUNC
   EXTRACTICON                	HB_FUNC
   EXTRACTICONEX              	HB_FUNC
   LOADICONBYNAME             	HB_FUNC
   DRAWICONEX                 	HB_FUNC
h_image.prg
   _DefineImage               	Function
   InitDialogImage            	Function
   BmpSize                    	Function
   HasAlpha                   	Function
   HMG_SaveImage              	Function
c_image.c
   INITIMAGE                  	HB_FUNC
   C_SETPICTURE               	HB_FUNC
   LOADIMAGE                  	HB_FUNC
   C_GETRESPICTURE            	HB_FUNC
   GPLUSGETENCODERSNUM        	HB_FUNC
   GPLUSGETENCODERSSIZE       	HB_FUNC
   GPLUSGETENCODERSMIMETYPE   	HB_FUNC
   C_SAVEHBITMAPTOFILE        	HB_FUNC
   C_SAVEHICONTOFILE          	HB_FUNC
h_imagelist.prg
   _DefineImageList           	Function
   _AddImageToImageList       	Function
   _AddImageMaskedToImageList 	Function
   _ImageListSetBkColor       	Function
   _EraseImage                	Function
   _BeginDragImage            	Function
c_imagelist.c
   INITIMAGELIST              	HB_FUNC
   IL_ADD                     	HB_FUNC
   IL_ADDMASKED               	HB_FUNC
   IL_DRAW                    	HB_FUNC
   IL_REMOVE                  	HB_FUNC
   IL_SETBKCOLOR              	HB_FUNC
   IL_ERASEIMAGE              	HB_FUNC
   IL_BEGINDRAG               	HB_FUNC
   IL_DRAGMOVE                	HB_FUNC
   IL_DRAGENTER               	HB_FUNC
   IL_ENDDRAG                 	HB_FUNC
   IL_GETIMAGECOUNT           	HB_FUNC
h_ini.prg
   _SetGetLogFile             	Function
   _LogFile                   	Function
   _LogFile                   	Function
   _BeginIni                  	Function
   _GetIni                    	Function
   _SetIni                    	Function
   _DelIniEntry               	Function
   _DelIniSection             	Function
   _EndIni                    	Function
   GetBeginComment            	Function
   GetEndComment              	Function
   SetBeginComment            	Function
   SetEndComment              	Function
   xChar                      	Function
   xValue                     	Function
   AToC                       	Function
   CToA                       	Function
   _GetSectionNames           	Function
   _GetSection                	Function
c_ini.c
   GETPRIVATEPROFILESTRING    	HB_FUNC
   WRITEPRIVATEPROFILESTRING  	HB_FUNC
   DELINIENTRY                	HB_FUNC
   DELINISECTION              	HB_FUNC
   _GETPRIVATEPROFILESECTIONNA	HB_FUNC
   _GETPRIVATEPROFILESECTION  	HB_FUNC
h_init.prg
   Init                       	Procedure
   TimeFromStart              	Function
   _hmg_Elapsed               	Static  Function
   HMG_CreateFile_UTF16LE_BOM 	Function
   IsRegistryKey              	Function
   CreateRegistryKey          	Function
   GetRegistryValue           	Function
   SetRegistryValue           	Function
   DeleteRegistryVar          	Function
   DeleteRegistryKey          	Function
   InitCodePage               	Static  Procedure
   _GetSysFont                	Function
   InitMessages               	Procedure
h_ipaddress.prg
   _DefineIPAddress           	Function
c_ipaddress.c
   INITIPADDRESS              	HB_FUNC
   SETIPADDRESS               	HB_FUNC
   GETIPADDRESS               	HB_FUNC
h_label.prg
   _DefineLabel               	Function
   InitDialogLabel            	Function
   OLABELEVENTS               	Function
c_label.c
   INITLABEL                  	HB_FUNC
h_listbox.prg
   _DefineListbox             	Function
   InitDialogListBox          	Function
   LB_Array2String            	Function
c_listbox.c
   INITLISTBOX                	HB_FUNC
   LISTBOXADDSTRING           	HB_FUNC
   LISTBOXINSERTSTRING        	HB_FUNC
   LISTBOXGETSTRING           	HB_FUNC
   INITMULTILISTBOX           	HB_FUNC
   LISTBOXGETMULTISEL         	HB_FUNC
   LISTBOXSETMULTISEL         	HB_FUNC
   LISTBOXSETMULTITAB         	HB_FUNC
   _GETDDLMESSAGE             	HB_FUNC
   GET_DRAG_LIST_NOTIFICATION_	HB_FUNC
   GET_DRAG_LIST_DRAGITEM     	HB_FUNC
   DRAG_LIST_DRAWINSERT       	HB_FUNC
   DRAG_LIST_MOVE_ITEMS       	HB_FUNC
h_media.prg
   _DefinePlayer              	Function
   PlayWave                   	Function
   GetAviFileSize             	Function
   GetAviResSize              	Function
   _DefineAnimateBox          	Function
   InitDialogAnimateBox       	Function
c_media.c
   MESSAGEBEEP                	HB_FUNC
   C_PLAYWAVE                 	HB_FUNC
   STOPWAVE                   	HB_FUNC
   INITPLAYER                 	HB_FUNC
   MCIFUNC                    	HB_FUNC
   INITANIMATE                	HB_FUNC
   OPENANIMATE                	HB_FUNC
   PLAYANIMATE                	HB_FUNC
   SEEKANIMATE                	HB_FUNC
   STOPANIMATE                	HB_FUNC
   CLOSEANIMATE               	HB_FUNC
h_menu.prg
   _DefineMainMenu            	Procedure
   _DefineMenuPopup           	Procedure
   _EndMenuPopup              	Procedure
   _DefineMenuItem            	Procedure
   _DefineSeparator           	Procedure
   _EndMenu                   	Procedure
   _GetMenuIds                	Static  Function
   _DefaultMenuItem           	Function
   _DisableMenuItem           	Function
   _EnableMenuItem            	Function
   _CheckMenuItem             	Function
   _UncheckMenuItem           	Function
   _IsMenuItemChecked         	Function
   _IsMenuItemEnabled         	Function
   _DefineContextMenu         	Procedure
   _ShowContextMenu           	Procedure
   _DefineNotifyMenu          	Procedure
   _DefineDropDownMenu        	Procedure
   _DefineControlContextMenu  	Procedure
   _ShowControlContextMenu    	Procedure
   _GetMenuItemCaption        	Function
   _SetMenuItemCaption        	Function
   _SetMenuItemBitmap         	Procedure
   _SetMenuItemIcon           	Procedure
   _SetMenuItemFont           	Function
   _InsertMenuItem            	Function
   _ModifyMenuItem            	Function
   _RemoveMenuItem            	Function
   HMG_SetMenuTheme           	Function
c_menu.c
   SETACCELERATORTABLE        	HB_FUNC
   ACCELERATORTABLE2ARRAY     	HB_FUNC
   ARRAY2ACCELERATORTABLE     	HB_FUNC
   COPYACCELERATORTABLE       	HB_FUNC
   CREATEACCELERATORTABLE     	HB_FUNC
   DESTROYACCELERATORTABLE    	HB_FUNC
   LOADACCELERATORS           	HB_FUNC
   LOADMENU                   	HB_FUNC
   _NEWMENUSTYLE              	HB_FUNC
   _CLOSEMENU                 	HB_FUNC
   TRACKPOPUPMENU             	HB_FUNC
   SETMENU                    	HB_FUNC
   SETMENUDEFAULTITEM         	HB_FUNC
   XCHECKMENUITEM             	HB_FUNC
   XUNCHECKMENUITEM           	HB_FUNC
   XENABLEMENUITEM            	HB_FUNC
   XDISABLEMENUITEM           	HB_FUNC
   XDISABLECLOSEBUTTON        	HB_FUNC
   CREATEMENU                 	HB_FUNC
   CREATEPOPUPMENU            	HB_FUNC
   APPENDMENUSTRING           	HB_FUNC
   APPENDMENUPOPUP            	HB_FUNC
   APPENDMENUSEPARATOR        	HB_FUNC
   MODIFYMENUITEM             	HB_FUNC
   INSERTMENUITEM             	HB_FUNC
   REMOVEMENUITEM             	HB_FUNC
   MENUITEM_SETBITMAPS        	HB_FUNC
   MENUITEM_SETCHECKMARKS     	HB_FUNC
   MENUITEM_SETICON           	HB_FUNC
   MENUITEM_SETFONT           	HB_FUNC
   XGETMENUCAPTION            	HB_FUNC
   XSETMENUCAPTION            	HB_FUNC
   XGETMENUCHECKSTATE         	HB_FUNC
   XGETMENUENABLEDSTATE       	HB_FUNC
   ISMENU                     	HB_FUNC
   GETMENU                    	HB_FUNC
   GETSYSTEMMENU              	HB_FUNC
   GETMENUITEMCOUNT           	HB_FUNC
   _ONDRAWMENUITEM            	HB_FUNC
   SETMENUBITMAPHEIGHT        	HB_FUNC
   GETMENUBITMAPHEIGHT        	HB_FUNC
   SETMENUSEPARATORTYPE       	HB_FUNC
   SETMENUSELECTEDITEM3D      	HB_FUNC
   SETMENUCURSORTYPE          	HB_FUNC
   GETMENUCOLORS              	HB_FUNC
   SETMENUCOLORS              	HB_FUNC
   _ONDESTROYMENU             	HB_FUNC
   _ONMEASUREMENUITEM         	HB_FUNC
   _COLORMENU                 	HB_FUNC
h_misc.prg
   GetData                    	Function
   SendData                   	Function
   HMG_ClrToHTML              	Function
c_monitors.c
   COUNTMONITORS              	HB_FUNC
   ISSAMEDISPLAYFORMAT        	HB_FUNC
   ENUMDISPLAYMONITORS        	HB_FUNC
   GETMONITORINFO             	HB_FUNC
   MONITORFROMPOINT           	HB_FUNC
   MONITORFROMWINDOW          	HB_FUNC
   WINDOWTOMONITOR            	HB_FUNC
h_monthcal.prg
   _DefineMonthCal            	Function
   InitDialogMonthCalendar    	Function
   OMONTHCALEVENTS            	Function
   AddMonthCalBoldDay         	Function
   DelMonthCalBoldDay         	Function
   IsMonthCalBoldDay          	Function
   SetDayState                	Function
   RetDayState                	Function
c_monthcal.c
   INITMONTHCAL               	HB_FUNC
   SETMONTHCALVALUE           	HB_FUNC
   GETMONTHCALVALUE           	HB_FUNC
   SETPOSMONTHCAL             	HB_FUNC
   GETMONTHRANGE              	HB_FUNC
   C_SETDAYSTATE              	HB_FUNC
   C_RETDAYSTATE              	HB_FUNC
   GETDAYSTATEDATA            	HB_FUNC
h_mru.prg
   AddMRUItem                 	Function
   CheckForDuplicateMRU       	Static  Function
   AddMenuElement             	Function
   ReorderMRUList             	Static  Function
   SaveMRUFileList            	Function
   _DefineMruItem             	Function
   ClearMRUList               	Function
h_msgbox.prg
   MsgYesNo                   	Function
   MsgYesNoCancel             	Function
   MsgRetryCancel             	Function
   MsgOkCancel                	Function
   MsgExclamation             	Function
   MsgInfo                    	Function
   MsgStop                    	Function
   MsgBox                     	Function
   _MsgBox                    	Static  Function
c_msgbox.c
   MESSAGEBOXINDIRECT         	HB_FUNC
   MESSAGEBOXTIMEOUT          	HB_FUNC
netfuncs.prg
   NetLock                    	Static  Function
   NetDelete                  	Function
   NetRecall                  	Function
   NetRecLock                 	Function
   NetFileLock                	Function
   NetAppend                  	Function
   IsLocked                   	Function
   NetError                   	Function
   SetNetDelay                	Function
c_nonclient.c
   GETNONCLIENT               	HB_FUNC
   GETNONCLIENTFONT           	HB_FUNC
   SETNONCLIENT               	HB_FUNC
   SETNONCLIENTFONT           	HB_FUNC
h_objects.prg
   oDlu4Font                  	Function
   oDlu2Pixel                 	Function
   _App_Dlu2Pix_Events_       	Function
   oWndData                   	Function
   oCnlData                   	Function
   oKeyData                   	Function
   hb_HGetDef                 	Static  Function
h_objmisc.prg
   _WindowCargo               	Function
   _ControlCargo              	Function
   Do_ControlEventProcedure   	Function
   Do_WindowEventProcedure    	Function
   _WindowObj                 	Function
   _ControlObj                	Function
   _wPost                     	Function
   _wSend                     	Function
   Do_Obj                     	Function
   Do_OnWndInit               	Function
   Do_OnWndRelease            	Function
   Do_OnCtlInit               	Function
   Do_OnCtlRelease            	Function
   Do_OnWndLaunch             	Function
   Do_OnCtlLaunch             	Function
   HMG_SETWINDOWOBJECT        	HB_FUNC
   HMG_DELWINDOWOBJECT        	HB_FUNC
   HMG_GETWINDOWOBJECT        	HB_FUNC
   HMG_ISWINDOWOBJECT         	HB_FUNC
h_owntab.prg
   OwnTabPaint                	Function
h_pager.prg
   _BeginPager                	Function
   _EndPager                  	Function
c_pager.c
   GETHANDLEREBAR             	HB_FUNC
   ADDTOPAGER                 	HB_FUNC
   SETBKCOLORPAGER            	HB_FUNC
   PAGERCALCSIZE              	HB_FUNC
   PAGERSCROLL                	HB_FUNC
   INITPAGER                  	HB_FUNC
   PAGERFORWARDMOUSE          	HB_FUNC
   PAGERGETBUTTONSIZE         	HB_FUNC
   PAGERSETBUTTONSIZE         	HB_FUNC
   PAGERGETBORDER             	HB_FUNC
   PAGERSETBORDER             	HB_FUNC
   PAGERGETPOS                	HB_FUNC
   PAGERSETPOS                	HB_FUNC
h_progressbar.prg
   _DefineProgressBar         	Function
   InitDialogProgressBar      	Function
c_progressbar.c
   INITPROGRESSBAR            	HB_FUNC
h_progresswheel.prg
   _DefineProgressWheel       	Function
   PW_GetColorDoneMin         	Function
   PW_GetColorDoneMax         	Function
   PW_GetColorRemain          	Function
   PW_GetColorInner           	Function
   PW_SetShowText             	Procedure
   PW_SetColorDoneMin         	Procedure
   PW_SetColorDoneMax         	Procedure
   PW_SetColorRemain          	Procedure
   PW_SetColorInner           	Procedure
   PW_SetStartAngle           	Procedure
   PW_SetMin                  	Procedure
   PW_SetMax                  	Procedure
   PW_SetPosition             	Procedure
   PW_SetInnerSize            	Procedure
   PW_SetGradientMode         	Procedure
   ProgressWheelPaint         	Procedure
   UpdateAngleGradientBrush   	Function
   GradientColor              	Static  Function
   AnglePosition              	Static  Function
   BT_DrawPieEx               	Static  Function
   DrawPieInBitmap            	Static  Procedure
   DrawEllipseInBitmap        	Static  Procedure
   DrawTextInBitmap           	Static  Procedure
   SETBRUSHORG                	HB_FUNC
   SETSTRETCHBLTMODE          	HB_FUNC
   BT_DRAW_HDC_ARCX_EX        	HB_FUNC
   CREATEPATTERNHBRUSH        	HB_FUNC
h_radio.prg
   _DefineRadioGroup          	Function
   InitDialogRadioGroup       	Function
c_radio.c
   INITRADIOGROUP             	HB_FUNC
   INITRADIOBUTTON            	HB_FUNC
h_rating.prg
   _DefineRating              	Function
   _ReleaseRating             	Procedure
   _InitRating                	Function
   OnHoverRate                	Static  Function
   OnLeaveRate                	Static  Function
   OnSelectRate               	Static  Function
   ClearRating                	Function
h_registry.prg
   Bin2U                      	Static  Function
   IsRegistryKey              	Function
   CreateRegistryKey          	Function
   GetRegistryValue           	Function
   SetRegistryValue           	Function
   DeleteRegistryVar          	Function
   DeleteRegistryKey          	Function
   ISWOW64                    	HB_FUNC
c_registry.c
   REGCLOSEKEY                	HB_FUNC
   REGOPENKEYEXA              	HB_FUNC
   REGQUERYVALUEEXA           	HB_FUNC
   REGENUMKEYEXA              	HB_FUNC
   REGSETVALUEEXA             	HB_FUNC
   REGCREATEKEY               	HB_FUNC
   REGENUMVALUEA              	HB_FUNC
   REGDELETEKEY               	HB_FUNC
   REGDELETEVALUEA            	HB_FUNC
   REGCONNECTREGISTRY         	HB_FUNC
h_report.prg
   easyreport                 	Function
   headers                    	Static  Function
   mypreview                  	Static  Function
   JUSTIFICALINEA             	Static  Function
   extreport                  	Function
   leadato                    	Static  Function
   leaimage                   	Static  Function
   leadatoh                   	Static  Function
   leadatologic               	Static  Function
   clean                      	Static  Function
   learowi                    	Static  Function
   leacoli                    	Static  Function
   imp_SUBTOTALES             	Static  Procedure
   imp_pagina                 	Static  Procedure
c_resource.c
   GETRESOURCES               	HB_FUNC
   SETRESOURCES               	HB_FUNC
   FREERESOURCES              	HB_FUNC
   RCDATATOFILE               	HB_FUNC
   RCDATATOFILE               	HB_FUNC
h_richeditbox.prg
   _DefineRichEditBox         	Function
   _DataBaseRichEditBoxSave   	Procedure
   _DataRichEditBoxSetValue   	Function
   _DataRichEditBoxGetValue   	Function
   _DataRichEditBoxOpen       	Procedure
   _DataRichEditBoxSave       	Procedure
c_richeditbox.c
   INITRICHEDITBOX            	HB_FUNC
   UNLOADRICHEDITLIB          	HB_FUNC
   STREAMIN                   	HB_FUNC
   STREAMOUT                  	HB_FUNC
   GETAUTOFONTRTF             	HB_FUNC
   SETAUTOFONTRTF             	HB_FUNC
   SETBKGNDCOLOR              	HB_FUNC
   GETFONTRTF                 	HB_FUNC
   SETFONTRTF                 	HB_FUNC
h_richeditex.prg
   _DefineRichEditBoxEx       	Function
   RichEditBox_SetCaretPos    	Function
   RichEditBox_GetCaretPos    	Function
   RichEditBox_SelectAll      	Function
   RichEditBox_UnSelectAll    	Function
   RichEditBox_ReplaceText    	Function
   RichEditBox_ReplaceAllText 	Function
   RichEditBox_AddTextAndSelec	Function
   RichEditBox_RTFPrint       	Function
   RichEditBox_LoadFile       	Function
   RichEditBox_SaveFile       	Function
c_richeditex.c
   INITRICHEDITBOXEX          	HB_FUNC
   UNLOADRICHEDITEXLIB        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_STREAMIN       	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_STREAMOUT      	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_RTFLOADRESOURCE	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SETRTFTEXTMODE 	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_ISRTFTEXTMODE  	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SETAUTOURLDETEC	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_GETAUTOURLDETEC	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SETBKGNDCOLOR  	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SETZOOM        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_GETZOOM        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SETFONT        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_GETFONT        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SETSELRANGE    	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_GETSELRANGE    	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_REPLACESEL     	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SETTEXT        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_GETTEXT        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_GETTEXTLENGTH  	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_GETTEXTRANGE   	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_FINDTEXT       	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SETPARAFORMAT  	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_GETPARAFORMAT  	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SELCOPY        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SELPASTE       	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SELCUT         	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SELCLEAR       	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_CHANGEUNDO     	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_CHANGEREDO     	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_CLEARUNDOBUFFER	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_CANPASTE       	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_CANUNDO        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_CANREDO        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_GETRECT        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SETRECT        	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_PASTESPECIAL   	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_SETMARGINS     	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_FORMATRANGE    	HB_FUNC
   RICHEDITBOX_POSFROMCHAR    	HB_FUNC
   REGISTERFINDMSGSTRING      	HB_FUNC
   FINDREPLACEDLG             	HB_FUNC
   FINDREPLACEDLGSETTITLE     	HB_FUNC
   FINDREPLACEDLGGETTITLE     	HB_FUNC
   FINDREPLACEDLGSHOW         	HB_FUNC
   FINDREPLACEDLGGETHANDLE    	HB_FUNC
   FINDREPLACEDLGISRELEASE    	HB_FUNC
   FINDREPLACEDLGRELEASE      	HB_FUNC
   FINDREPLACEDLGGETOPTIONS   	HB_FUNC
h_rptgen.prg
   _DefineReport              	Procedure
   _EndReport                 	Procedure
   _BeginLayout               	Procedure
   _EndLayout                 	Procedure
   _BeginHeader               	Procedure
   _EndHeader                 	Procedure
   _BeginDetail               	Procedure
   _EndDetail                 	Procedure
   _BeginFooter               	Procedure
   _EndFooter                 	Procedure
   _BeginSummary              	Procedure
   _EndSummary                	Procedure
   _BeginText                 	Procedure
   _EndText                   	Procedure
   _BandHeight                	Procedure
   ExecuteReport              	Procedure
   _ProcessBand               	Static  Procedure
   _PrintObject               	Static  Procedure
   _PrintText                 	Static  Procedure
   _PrintImage                	Static  Procedure
   _PrintLine                 	Static  Procedure
   _PrintRectangle            	Static  Procedure
   _BeginLine                 	Procedure
   _EndLine                   	Procedure
   _BeginImage                	Procedure
   _EndImage                  	Procedure
   _BeginRectangle            	Procedure
   _EndRectangle              	Procedure
   _BeginGroup                	Procedure
   _EndGroup                  	Procedure
   _BeginGroupHeader          	Procedure
   _EndGroupHeader            	Procedure
   _BeginGroupFooter          	Procedure
   _EndGroupFooter            	Procedure
   _dbSum                     	Function
   _BeginData                 	Procedure
   _EndData                   	Procedure
h_scrsaver.prg
   _BeginScrSaver             	Function
   _ActivateScrSaver          	Function
   _ReleaseScrSaver           	Function
   _lValidScrSaver            	Function
c_scrsaver.c
   VERIFYPASSWORD             	HB_FUNC
   CHANGEPASSWORD             	HB_FUNC
   SETCURSORPOS               	HB_FUNC
   SHOWCURSOR                 	HB_FUNC
h_slider.prg
   _DefineSlider              	Function
   InitDialogSlider           	Function
c_slider.c
   INITSLIDER                 	HB_FUNC
h_socket.prg
   httpconnect                	Function
   httpgeturl                 	Function
h_spinner.prg
   _DefineSpinner             	Function
   OSPINEVENTS                	Function
c_spinner.c
   INITSPINNER                	HB_FUNC
   SETSPINNERINCREMENT        	HB_FUNC
h_splitbutton.prg
   _DefineSplitButton         	Procedure
   SPButtonEventHandler       	Function
   SPButtonSetFocus           	Procedure
   SPButtonEnable             	Procedure
   SPButtonDisable            	Procedure
   LaunchDropdownMenu         	Static  Function
   INITSPLITBUTTON            	HB_FUNC
h_status.prg
   _BeginMessageBar           	Function
   _EndMessageBar             	Function
   _DefineItemMessage         	Function
   _SetStatusClock            	Function
   _SetStatusKeybrd           	Function
   _IsOwnerDrawStatusBarItem  	Function
   AMPM                       	Static  Function
   _SetStatusBarKbd           	Function
   _GetStatusItemWidth        	Function
   _SetStatusItemProperty     	Function
   _SetStatusProgressMessage  	Function
   _SetStatusProgressPos      	Function
   _SetStatusProgressRange    	Function
c_status.c
   INITMESSAGEBAR             	HB_FUNC
   INITITEMBAR                	HB_FUNC
   SETITEMBAR                 	HB_FUNC
   GETITEMBAR                 	HB_FUNC
   REFRESHITEMBAR             	HB_FUNC
   KEYTOGGLE                  	HB_FUNC
   KEYTOGGLENT                	HB_FUNC
   SETSTATUSITEMICON          	HB_FUNC
   SETSTATUSBARSIZE           	HB_FUNC
   REFRESHPROGRESSITEM        	HB_FUNC
   CREATEPROGRESSBARITEM      	HB_FUNC
   SETPOSPROGRESSBARITEM      	HB_FUNC
h_tab.prg
   _BeginTab                  	Function
   _DefineTab                 	Static  Function
   InitDialogTab              	Function
   UpdateTab                  	Function
   _IsWindowVisibleFromHandle 	Static  Function
   _IsControlVisibleFromHandle	Static  Function
   _BeginTabPage              	Function
   _EndTabPage                	Function
   _EndTab                    	Function
   _AddTabPage                	Function
   _AddTabControl             	Function
   _DeleteTabPage             	Function
c_tab.c
   INITTABCONTROL             	HB_FUNC
   TABCTRL_SETCURSEL          	HB_FUNC
   TABCTRL_GETCURSEL          	HB_FUNC
   TABCTRL_INSERTITEM         	HB_FUNC
   TABCTRL_DELETEITEM         	HB_FUNC
   SETTABCAPTION              	HB_FUNC
   ADDTABBITMAP               	HB_FUNC
   WINDOWFROMPOINT            	HB_FUNC
   GETMESSAGEPOS              	HB_FUNC
h_taskdlg.prg
c_taskdlgs.c
   WIN_TASKDIALOG0            	HB_FUNC
   WIN_TASKDIALOGINDIRECT0    	HB_FUNC
   _SETWINDOWTITLE            	HB_FUNC
   _CLICKBUTTON               	HB_FUNC
   _CLICKRADIOBUTTON          	HB_FUNC
   _CLICKVERIFICATION         	HB_FUNC
   _ENABLEBUTTON              	HB_FUNC
   _ENABLERADIOBUTTON         	HB_FUNC
   _SETBUTTONELEVATIONREQUIRED	HB_FUNC
   _SETMAININSTRUCTION        	HB_FUNC
   _SETCONTENT                	HB_FUNC
   _SETFOOTER                 	HB_FUNC
   _SETEXPANDEDINFORMATION    	HB_FUNC
   _SETPROGRESSBARPOS         	HB_FUNC
   _SETPROGRESSBARRANGE       	HB_FUNC
   _SETPROGRESSBARSTATE       	HB_FUNC
   _SETPROGRESSBARMARQUEE     	HB_FUNC
   _SETMARQUEEPROGRESSBAR     	HB_FUNC
   _UPDATEMAININSTRUCTION     	HB_FUNC
   _UPDATECONTENT             	HB_FUNC
   _UPDATEFOOTER              	HB_FUNC
   _UPDATEEXPANDEDINFORMATION 	HB_FUNC
   _UPDATEMAINICON            	HB_FUNC
   _UPDATEFOOTERICON          	HB_FUNC
h_textbox.prg
   _DefineTextBox             	Function
   InitDialogTextBox          	Function
   _DefineMaskedTextbox       	Function
   InitDialogMaskedTextBox    	Function
   GetNumFromText             	Function
   GetNumMask                 	Static  Function
   _DefineCharMaskTextbox     	Function
   ProcessCharMask            	Procedure
   CharMaskTekstOK            	Static  Function
   _DataTextBoxRefresh        	Procedure
   _DataTextBoxSave           	Procedure
   ProcessNumText             	Procedure
   GETNumFromTextSP           	Function
   OEDITEVENTS                	Function
c_textbox.c
   INITMASKEDTEXTBOX          	HB_FUNC
   INITTEXTBOX                	HB_FUNC
   INITCHARMASKTEXTBOX        	HB_FUNC
h_timer.prg
   _DefineTimer               	Function
c_timer.c
   INITTIMER                  	HB_FUNC
   KILLTIMER                  	HB_FUNC
h_toolbar.prg
   _DefineToolBar             	Function
   _EndToolBar                	Function
   _DefineToolButton          	Function
   _AddToolBarToSplitBox      	Static  Function
   _BeginToolBar              	Function
   _BeginToolBarEx            	Function
   _CreatePopUpChevron        	Function
   _DropDownShortcut          	Static  Procedure
c_toolbar.c
   INITTOOLBAR                	HB_FUNC
   INITTOOLBUTTON             	HB_FUNC
   INITTOOLBAREX              	HB_FUNC
   INITTOOLBUTTONEX           	HB_FUNC
   GETSIZETOOLBAR             	HB_FUNC
   MAXTEXTBTNTOOLBAR          	HB_FUNC
   ISBUTTONBARCHECKED         	HB_FUNC
   CHECKBUTTONBAR             	HB_FUNC
   ISBUTTONENABLED            	HB_FUNC
   GETBUTTONBARRECT           	HB_FUNC
   GETBUTTONPOS               	HB_FUNC
   SETBUTTONTIP               	HB_FUNC
   SETTOOLBUTTONCAPTION       	HB_FUNC
   SETTOOLBUTTONIMAGE         	HB_FUNC
   REPLACETOOLBUTTONIMAGE     	HB_FUNC
   SETROWSBUTTON              	HB_FUNC
   RESIZESPLITBOXITEM         	HB_FUNC
   SETCHEVRONSTYLESPLITBOXITEM	HB_FUNC
   SETCAPTIONSPLITBOXITEM     	HB_FUNC
   CREATEPOPUPCHEVRON         	HB_FUNC
   GETBUTTONBAR               	HB_FUNC
   GETIMAGELIST               	HB_FUNC
   SETCHEVRONIMAGE            	HB_FUNC
   DESTROYMENU                	HB_FUNC
   ADJUSTFLOATTOOLBAR         	HB_FUNC
   RESIZEFLOATTOOLBAR         	HB_FUNC
   TOOLBAREXCUSTFUNC          	HB_FUNC
c_tooltip.c
   SETTOOLTIPACTIVATE         	HB_FUNC
   SETTOOLTIPBALLOON          	HB_FUNC
   SETTOOLTIPMAXWIDTH         	HB_FUNC
   INITTOOLTIP                	HB_FUNC
   SETTOOLTIP                 	HB_FUNC
   SHOWBALLOONTIP             	HB_FUNC
   HIDEBALLOONTIP             	HB_FUNC
   INITTOOLTIPEX              	HB_FUNC
   TTM_ACTIVATE               	HB_FUNC
   TTM_GETDELAYTIME           	HB_FUNC
   TTM_GETMARGIN              	HB_FUNC
   TTM_GETMAXTIPWIDTH         	HB_FUNC
   TTM_GETTIPBKCOLOR          	HB_FUNC
   TTM_GETTIPTEXTCOLOR        	HB_FUNC
   TTM_GETTOOLCOUNT           	HB_FUNC
   TTM_POP                    	HB_FUNC
   TTM_POPUP                  	HB_FUNC
   TTM_SETDELAYTIME           	HB_FUNC
   TTM_SETMARGIN              	HB_FUNC
   TTM_SETMAXTIPWIDTH         	HB_FUNC
   TTM_SETTIPBKCOLOR          	HB_FUNC
   TTM_SETTIPTEXTCOLOR        	HB_FUNC
   TTM_TRACKACTIVATE          	HB_FUNC
   TTM_TRACKPOSITION          	HB_FUNC
   TTM_UPDATE                 	HB_FUNC
   TTM_UPDATETIPTEXT          	HB_FUNC
   TTM_WINDOWFROMPOINT        	HB_FUNC
h_tree.prg
   _DefineTree                	Function
   InitDialogTree             	Function
   _DefineTreeNode            	Function
   _EndTreeNode               	Function
   _DefineTreeItem            	Function
   _EndTree                   	Function
   _Collapse                  	Procedure
   _Expand                    	Procedure
   TreeItemGetHandle          	Static  Function
   TreeItemChangeImage        	Procedure
   TreeItemGetRootValue       	Function
   TreeItemGetParentValue     	Function
   TreeItemGetFirstItemValue  	Function
   TreeItemSort               	Procedure
   TreeItemIsTrueNode         	Function
   TreeItemSetNodeFlag        	Function
   TreeItemGetNodeFlag        	Function
   TreeItemIsExpand           	Function
   TreeNodeItemCargo          	Function
c_tree.c
   INITTREE                   	HB_FUNC
   INITTREEVIEWBITMAP         	HB_FUNC
   ADDTREEVIEWBITMAP          	HB_FUNC
   ADDTREEITEM                	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_GETSELECTION      	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_SELECTITEM        	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_DELETEITEM        	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_DELETEALLITEMS    	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_GETCOUNT          	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_GETPREVSIBLING    	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_GETITEM           	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_SETITEM           	HB_FUNC
   TREEITEM_SETIMAGEINDEX     	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_GETSELECTIONID    	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_GETNEXTSIBLING    	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_GETCHILD          	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_GETPARENT         	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_GETITEMSTATE      	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_EXPANDCHILDRENRECU	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_SORTCHILDRENRECURS	HB_FUNC
   TREEVIEW_GETROOT           	HB_FUNC
   TREEITEM_GETID             	HB_FUNC
   TREEITEM_SETNODEFLAG       	HB_FUNC
   TREEITEM_GETNODEFLAG       	HB_FUNC
h_wbrush.prg
   _SetWindowBKBrush          	Function
h_webcam.prg
   _DefineWebCam              	Function
   _CreateWebCam              	Function
   _StartWebCam               	Function
   _ReleaseWebCam             	Procedure
   CAP_CREATECAPTUREWINDOW    	HB_FUNC
   CAP_DRIVERCONNECT          	HB_FUNC
   CAP_DRIVERDISCONNECT       	HB_FUNC
   CAP_SETVIDEOFORMAT         	HB_FUNC
   CAP_PREVIEWRATE            	HB_FUNC
   CAP_PREVIEWSCALE           	HB_FUNC
   CAP_PREVIEW                	HB_FUNC
   CAP_EDITCOPY               	HB_FUNC
h_winapimisc.prg
   WindowsVersion             	Function
   _Execute                   	Function
   ShellAbout                 	Procedure
c_winapimisc.c
   WAITRUNPIPE                	HB_FUNC
   COPYRTFTOCLIPBOARD         	HB_FUNC
   COPYTOCLIPBOARD            	HB_FUNC
   RETRIEVETEXTFROMCLIPBOARD  	HB_FUNC
   CLEARCLIPBOARD             	HB_FUNC
   GETBLUE                    	HB_FUNC
   GETRED                     	HB_FUNC
   GETGREEN                   	HB_FUNC
   GETKEYSTATE                	HB_FUNC
   HMG_KEYBOARDCLEARBUFFER    	HB_FUNC
   HMG_MOUSECLEARBUFFER       	HB_FUNC
   INKEYGUI                   	HB_FUNC
   GETDC                      	HB_FUNC
   RELEASEDC                  	HB_FUNC
   HIWORD                     	HB_FUNC
   LOWORD                     	HB_FUNC
   C_GETSPECIALFOLDER         	HB_FUNC
   C_GETDLLSPECIALFOLDER      	HB_FUNC
   GETPHYSICALLYINSTALLEDSYSTE	HB_FUNC
   MEMORYSTATUS               	HB_FUNC
   C_SHELLABOUT               	HB_FUNC
   PAINTBKGND                 	HB_FUNC
   GETWINDOWSDIR              	HB_FUNC
   GETSYSTEMDIR               	HB_FUNC
   GETTEMPDIR                 	HB_FUNC
   POSTMESSAGE                	HB_FUNC
   DEFWINDOWPROC              	HB_FUNC
   GETSTOCKOBJECT             	HB_FUNC
   GETNEXTDLGTABITEM          	HB_FUNC
   SHELLEXECUTE               	HB_FUNC
   SHELLEXECUTEEX             	HB_FUNC
   WAITRUN                    	HB_FUNC
   WAITRUNTERM                	HB_FUNC
   ISEXERUNNING               	HB_FUNC
   SETSCROLLPOS               	HB_FUNC
   GETLASTERROR               	HB_FUNC
   CREATEFOLDER               	HB_FUNC
   SETCURRENTFOLDER           	HB_FUNC
   REMOVEFOLDER               	HB_FUNC
   GETCURRENTFOLDER           	HB_FUNC
   CREATESOLIDBRUSH           	HB_FUNC
   SETTEXTCOLOR               	HB_FUNC
   SETBKCOLOR                 	HB_FUNC
   GETSYSCOLOR                	HB_FUNC
   WINVERSION                 	HB_FUNC
   ISEXE64                    	HB_FUNC
   GETDLLVERSION              	HB_FUNC
   SELECTOBJECT               	HB_FUNC
   FILLRECT                   	HB_FUNC
   ISAPPHUNG                  	HB_FUNC
   EMPTYWORKINGSET            	HB_FUNC
   CLEANPROGRAMMEMORY         	HB_FUNC
   GETCOMPACTPATH             	HB_FUNC
   GETSHORTPATHNAME           	HB_FUNC
   DRAWTEXT                   	HB_FUNC
   GETTEXTMETRIC              	HB_FUNC
   _GETCLIENTRECT             	HB_FUNC
   ISOEMTEXT                  	HB_FUNC
   GETOBJECTTYPE              	HB_FUNC
   DRAGACCEPTFILES            	HB_FUNC
   DRAGQUERYFILES             	HB_FUNC
   DRAGFINISH                 	HB_FUNC
   HMG_CHARSETNAME            	HB_FUNC
   WAPI_MESSAGEBOX            	HB_FUNC
h_windows.prg
   _DefineWindow              	Function
   _DefineModalWindow         	Function
   _DefineSplitChildWindow    	Function
   _SetThisFormInfo           	Function
   _SetWindowSizePos          	Function
   GetFormIndex               	Function
   _SetNotifyIconName         	Function
   _SetNotifyIconTooltip      	Function
   _DefineSplitBox            	Function
   _EndSplitBox               	Function
   _EndSplitChildWindow       	Function
   _EndPanelWindow            	Function
   _EndWindow                 	Function
   _InputBoxAdjust            	Static  Procedure
   _SetWindowRgn              	Function
   _SetPolyWindowRgn          	Function
   _ActivateWindow            	Function
   _ActivateAllWindows        	Function
   _RefreshDataControls       	Procedure
   _SetActivationFlag         	Procedure
   _ProcessInitProcedure      	Procedure
   _SetFocusedSplitChild      	Function
   _SetActivationFocus        	Procedure
   _GenActivateId             	Static  Function
   _hmg_OnHideFocusManagement 	Procedure
   _DoControlEventProcedure   	Function
   _DoWindowEventProcedure    	Function
   IsThemed                   	Function
   IsAppXPThemed              	Function
   IsXPThemeActive            	Function
   VirtualChildControlFocusPro	Procedure
   NoQuote                    	Static  Function
   _IsWindowActive            	Function
   _IsWindowDefined           	Function
   GetWindowType              	Function
   GetFormName                	Function
   GetFormToolTipHandle       	Function
   GetFormHandle              	Function
   ReleaseAllWindows          	Function
   _ReleaseWindow             	Function
   _ShowWindow                	Function
   _HideWindow                	Function
   _CenterWindow              	Function
   _SetCenterWindowStyle      	Function
   SuppressKeyAndMouseEvents  	Function
   GetParentFormName          	Function
   MsgDebug                   	Function
   _InitSplashWindow          	Procedure
   _ShowSplashWindow          	Procedure
   StopWindowEventProcedure   	Function
   StopControlEventProcedure  	Function
   GetLastActiveFormIndex     	Function
   GetLastActiveControlIndex  	Function
   WaitWindow                 	Procedure
   EfeitoLabel                	Static  Procedure
   _HMG_DialogBoxProperty     	Function
   _HMG_DialogBoxProcedure    	Function
   EnumChildWindows           	Function
c_windows.c
   GETGLOBALLISTENER          	HB_FUNC
   SETGLOBALLISTENER          	HB_FUNC
   RESETGLOBALLISTENER        	HB_FUNC
   APPEVENTS                  	HB_FUNC
   APPEVENTSREMOVE            	HB_FUNC
   APPEVENTSUPDATE            	HB_FUNC
   ENUMAPPEVENTS              	HB_FUNC
   GETAPPEVENTSINFO           	HB_FUNC
   WINEVENTS                  	HB_FUNC
   WINEVENTSREMOVE            	HB_FUNC
   WINEVENTSUPDATE            	HB_FUNC
   ENUMWINEVENTS              	HB_FUNC
   GETWINEVENTSINFO           	HB_FUNC
   INITMESSAGEONLYWINDOW      	HB_FUNC
   INITDUMMY                  	HB_FUNC
   INITWINDOW                 	HB_FUNC
   INITMODALWINDOW            	HB_FUNC
   INITSPLITCHILDWINDOW       	HB_FUNC
   INITSPLITBOX               	HB_FUNC
   REGISTERWINDOW             	HB_FUNC
   REGISTERSPLITCHILDWINDOW   	HB_FUNC
   UNREGISTERWINDOW           	HB_FUNC
   MSC_VER                    	HB_FUNC
   HMG_VERSION                	HB_FUNC
   HMG_ISALPHA                	HB_FUNC
   HMG_ISDIGIT                	HB_FUNC
   HMG_LOWER                  	HB_FUNC
   HMG_UPPER                  	HB_FUNC
c_windowsAPI.c
   DOMESSAGELOOP              	HB_FUNC
   DOEVENTS                   	HB_FUNC
   EXITPROCESS                	HB_FUNC
   SHOWWINDOW                 	HB_FUNC
   GETACTIVEWINDOW            	HB_FUNC
   SETACTIVEWINDOW            	HB_FUNC
   POSTQUITMESSAGE            	HB_FUNC
   DESTROYWINDOW              	HB_FUNC
   ISWINDOWVISIBLE            	HB_FUNC
   ISWINDOWENABLED            	HB_FUNC
   ENABLEWINDOW               	HB_FUNC
   DISABLEWINDOW              	HB_FUNC
   SETFOREGROUNDWINDOW        	HB_FUNC
   BRINGWINDOWTOTOP           	HB_FUNC
   GETFOREGROUNDWINDOW        	HB_FUNC
   SETWINDOWTEXT              	HB_FUNC
   SETWINDOWTEXTW             	HB_FUNC
   SETWINDOWBACKGROUND        	HB_FUNC
   SETWINDOWPOS               	HB_FUNC
   ANIMATEWINDOW              	HB_FUNC
   FLASHWINDOWEX              	HB_FUNC
   SETLAYEREDWINDOWATTRIBUTES 	HB_FUNC
   C_CENTER                   	HB_FUNC
   GETWINDOWTEXT              	HB_FUNC
   SENDMESSAGE                	HB_FUNC
   SENDMESSAGESTRING          	HB_FUNC
   GETNOTIFYCODE              	HB_FUNC
   GETNOTIFYLINK              	HB_FUNC
   GETNOTIFYID                	HB_FUNC
   GETHWNDFROM                	HB_FUNC
   GETDRAWITEMHANDLE          	HB_FUNC
   GETFOCUS                   	HB_FUNC
   GETGRIDCOLUMN              	HB_FUNC
   GETGRIDVKEY                	HB_FUNC
   MOVEWINDOW                 	HB_FUNC
   GETSYSTEMMETRICS           	HB_FUNC
   GETWINDOWRECT              	HB_FUNC
   GETCLIENTRECT              	HB_FUNC
   GETDESKTOPAREA             	HB_FUNC
   GETTASKBARHEIGHT           	HB_FUNC
   SHOWNOTIFYICON             	HB_FUNC
   GETCURSORPOS               	HB_FUNC
   SCREENTOCLIENT             	HB_FUNC
   CLIENTTOSCREEN             	HB_FUNC
   LOADTRAYICON               	HB_FUNC
   CHANGENOTIFYICON           	HB_FUNC
   GETITEMPOS                 	HB_FUNC
   SETSCROLLRANGE             	HB_FUNC
   GETSCROLLPOS               	HB_FUNC
   GETWINDOWSTATE             	HB_FUNC
   GETPARENT                  	HB_FUNC
   GETDESKTOPWINDOW           	HB_FUNC
   ENUMWINDOWS                	HB_FUNC
   C_ENUMCHILDWINDOWS         	HB_FUNC
   REDRAWWINDOWCONTROLRECT    	HB_FUNC
   ADDSPLITBOXITEM            	HB_FUNC
   C_SETWINDOWRGN             	HB_FUNC
   C_SETPOLYWINDOWRGN         	HB_FUNC
   GETHELPDATA                	HB_FUNC
   GETMSKTEXTMESSAGE          	HB_FUNC
   GETMSKTEXTWPARAM           	HB_FUNC
   GETMSKTEXTLPARAM           	HB_FUNC
   GETWINDOW                  	HB_FUNC
   GETGRIDOLDSTATE            	HB_FUNC
   GETGRIDNEWSTATE            	HB_FUNC
   GETGRIDDISPINFOINDEX       	HB_FUNC
   SETGRIDQUERYDATA           	HB_FUNC
   SETGRIDQUERYIMAGE          	HB_FUNC
   FINDWINDOWEX               	HB_FUNC
   GETDS                      	HB_FUNC
   GETRC                      	HB_FUNC
   SETBCFC                    	HB_FUNC
   SETBRCCD                   	HB_FUNC
   GETTABBEDCONTROLBRUSH      	HB_FUNC
   GETTABBRUSH                	HB_FUNC
   INITMINMAXINFO             	HB_FUNC
   SETMINMAXINFO              	HB_FUNC
   ISWINDOWHANDLE             	HB_FUNC
   ISICONIC                   	HB_FUNC
   ISZOOMED                   	HB_FUNC
   GETWINDOWBRUSH             	HB_FUNC
   SETWINDOWBRUSH             	HB_FUNC
   CREATEHATCHBRUSH           	HB_FUNC
   CREATEPATTERNBRUSH         	HB_FUNC
c_windowsCLS.c
   GETCLASSNAME               	HB_FUNC
   GETCLASSNAMEBYREF          	HB_FUNC
   GETWINDOWLONG              	HB_FUNC
   SETWINDOWLONG              	HB_FUNC
   GETWINDOWSTYLE             	HB_FUNC
   SETWINDOWSTYLE             	HB_FUNC
   ISWINDOWHASSTYLE           	HB_FUNC
   ISWINDOWHASEXSTYLE         	HB_FUNC
h_windowsMDI.prg
   MdiEvents                  	Function
   _DefineChildMDIWindow      	Function
   _EndMdiChildWindow         	Function
   _ActivateMdiWindow         	Function
   _MdiChildClose             	Function
   ActivateMdiChildWindow     	Function
   _CloseActiveMdi            	Function
   _MdiChildCloseAll          	Function
   _MdiChildRestoreAll        	Function
   GetActiveMdiHandle         	Function
   DestroyActiveMdi           	Function
   _MdiWindowsTile            	Function
   _MdiWindowsCascade         	Function
   _MdiWindowsIcons           	Function
   _MdiWindowsRestore         	Function
   _MdiWindowsActivate        	Function
   GetObjectByClientMDI       	Function
c_windowsMDI.c
   REGISTERMDIWINDOW          	HB_FUNC
   INITMDIWINDOW              	HB_FUNC
   INITMDICLIENTWINDOW        	HB_FUNC
   INITMDICHILDWINDOW         	HB_FUNC
   ARRANGEICONICWINDOWS       	HB_FUNC
   DEFMDICHILDPROC            	HB_FUNC
   DEFFRAMEPROC               	HB_FUNC
   SIZECLIENTWINDOW           	HB_FUNC
h_winprop.prg
   _SetWindowProp             	Procedure
   _GetWindowProp             	Function
   _RemoveWindowProp          	Function
   _EnumWindowProps           	Function
   _GetFormHandle             	Static  Function
c_winprop.c
   SETPROP                    	HB_FUNC
   GETPROP                    	HB_FUNC
   REMOVEPROP                 	HB_FUNC
   ENUMPROPS                  	HB_FUNC
   ENUMPROPSEX                	HB_FUNC
c_winxp.c
   INITUXTHEME                	HB_FUNC
   ENDUXTHEME                 	HB_FUNC
   ISTHEMEACTIVE              	HB_FUNC
   ISAPPTHEMED                	HB_FUNC
   OPENTHEMEDATA              	HB_FUNC
   CLOSETHEMEDATA             	HB_FUNC
   DRAWTHEMEBACKGROUND        	HB_FUNC
   DRAWTHEMEPARENTBACKGROUND  	HB_FUNC
   SETWINDOWTHEME             	HB_FUNC
   ENABLETHEMEDIALOGTEXTURE   	HB_FUNC
   PTINRECT                   	HB_FUNC
